README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋</h1>
<p align="center">
Devops Engineer • Cloud Enthusiast • Problem Solver
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ar4487&label=Profile%20views" alt="profile-views" />
</p>

---

## 👩‍💻 About Me

## 👋 Hi, I'm Arpit Bhadoria

- 📍 Lives in **Ghaziabad, India**  
- 🔭 I’m working as an **SR Analyst** at **Capgemini**  
- 💻 I have worked on **Node.js projects** and specialize in backend development, process automation, and cloud integrations  
- 📚 I'm currently enhancing my expertise in **AWS** while expanding my skills to other cloud platforms  
- ⚡ In my free time, I explore new tech stacks, work on personal coding projects, and mentor peers who are aspiring to enter the tech field


---

## 🛠 Language and Tools  

<p align="left"> 
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/azure/azure-original-wordmark.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/terraform/terraform-original-wordmark.svg" alt="terraform" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>  
  
</p>

## 🔥 My Stats :

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ar4487&theme=dark&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&ring=FF8C00&fire=FF8C00&currStreakLabel=FF8C00" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---


⭐ **Always learning, always building!**

Commit message:

Revise personal description and skills in README
Updated professional title and expanded skills section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋</h1>
<p align="center">
DevOps Engineer • Cloud Enthusiast • Infrastructure Automator
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ar4487&label=Profile%20views" alt="profile-views" />
</p>

---

## 👩‍💻 About Me

## 👋 Hi, I'm Arpit Bhadoria

- 📍 Lives in **Ghaziabad, India**  
- 💼 Working as an Sr. Analyst (Cloud & DevOps) at Capgemini
- ☁️ Skilled in Azure and AWS, with hands-on experience in Terraform, Jenkins, Docker, Ansible, and Kubernetes  
- 🔧 I focus on infrastructure automation, CI/CD pipeline optimization, and cloud monitoring & reliability  
- 🚀 Currently deepening my expertise in multi-cloud architecture and infrastructure as code
- ⚡ Outside of work, I build DevOps projects, explore new tools, and guide peers aiming to transition into cloud roles


---

## 🛠 Language and Tools  

<p align="left"> 
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/azure/azure-original-wordmark.svg" alt="azure" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/terraform/terraform-original-wordmark.svg" alt="terraform" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nginx/nginx-original.svg" alt="nginx" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp" width="40" height="40"/>  
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/>  
  
</p>

## 🔥 My Stats :

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ar4487&theme=dark&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&ring=FF8C00&fire=FF8C00&currStreakLabel=FF8C00" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---


⭐ **Always learning, always building!**
